Update managed-networks.md (#15407)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/managed-networks.md

A TLS endpoint is a host on your network that serves a TLS certificate. The TLS endpoint acts like a network location beacon — when a device connects to a network, WARP detects the TLS endpoint and validates its certificate against an uploaded SHA-256 fingerprint.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> The WARP client will automatically exclude the managed network endpoint from all device profiles.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
```

Reviewer: Seems like we added this functionality sometime after the feature was released. Does it make sense to move this statement into the paragraph below?

{{</Aside>}}

> The TLS certificate can be hosted by any device on your network. However, the endpoint must be inaccessible to users outside of the network location. Therefore, do not choose a [private network IP](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/private-net/cloudflared/) that is exposed to users over Cloudflare Tunnel. One option is to choose a host that is physically in the office which remote users do not need to access, such as a printer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TLS certificate can be hosted by any device on your network. However, the endpoint must be inaccessible to users outside of the network location. WARP will automatically exclude the managed network endpoint from all device profiles to ensure that users cannot connect to this endpoint over Cloudflare Tunnel. We recommend choosing a host that is physically in the office which remote users do not need to access, such as a printer.
```
